# Privacy policy

*Last updated: 03 September 2025*

This privacy policy applies to the mobile applications (apps) developed
and published by **craizh**. By installing and using our apps, you agree
to the information collection as described in this policy. If you do not
agree to this policy, do not use our apps and uninstall them from your
device.

## Data collection

We do not collect any personal data from users of our app. However,
third-party services integrated into the app may collect data as
described below.

## Advertising Services

**AdMob**, a service provided by Google, is used to serve advertisements
within the app. AdMob may collect and use user data to provide
personalized advertising. For more information, refer to Google\'s
privacy policy and safety center. You can opt-out of personalized
advertising on your Google ad settings page.

-   Google Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy
-   Google Safety Center (ads & data):
    https://safety.google/privacy/ads-and-data/
-   Google Ads Settings (opt-out): https://adssettings.google.com/

**Mintegral** is used to serve ads through mediation with AdMob.
Mintegral may collect user data to deliver targeted ads. For further
information, refer to Mintegral\'s privacy policy:
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy

**Meta Audience Network**, provided by Meta, is used to serve ads
through mediation with AdMob. Meta may collect and use user data for ad
personalization. For more details, refer to Meta\'s privacy policy:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy

## Crash reporting

**Firebase Crashlytics**, provided by Google, is used to detect and
report app crashes. Crashlytics may collect crash logs and related data,
such as device state information, unique device identifiers, location
data, and usage data, to help improve app stability. For more
information, see Firebase\'s data processing and security terms:
https://firebase.google.com/terms/data-processing-terms

## Data sharing

We do not share any user data with third parties beyond what is
necessary for the functioning of the app and the services mentioned
above.

## Changes to this privacy policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are
advised to review this page periodically for any changes.

## Contact us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do
not hesitate to contact us at craizhenterprise@outlook.com
